hello you look their area
studio Andrei Maslennikov
and whether your anastasia is to activists
movement stopham
decided to change the nature of their own
activities before they only
punished wrong parked
drivers stick on their cars
insulting stickers
now stopham sheep will also be encouraged
properly parked car owners
what's the problem but you are just right
poultice pray here and stick a sticker
Well done, I respect you as well.
as experts say toolkit
owned by activists stophama
very poor therefore they are not always
manages to achieve the desired effect we
do not yet understand what is connected such
inadequate reaction of drivers but we are
discuss our next meetings can
be really not worth sticking
stickers can be better encouraged
drivers draw smiles on cars
cans however stopham sheep managed
find a compromise now before
go to the raid they will stick on
yourself stickers with the following text
sorry encourage as we can and still
glue stickers on cars
sensational statement made today
scientists from the University of Manchester
they found a place where the usual laws
physicists don't work we have all the data
in order to responsibly state on
no territory forces
and in some cases
momentum conservation law
manchester scientists relied in their
conclusions on the last indian
documentaries
we can observe on these frames
as a man on a horse drives under
by train
it's against all the laws of physics but in
india this is possible researchers also
discovered in Indian films
completely unknown previously system
contactless battle scandal in Omsk
one of the city's radio stations in urgent
alright shut down due to suspicion
potential gay propaganda
the fact is that during the morning air
The presenter read the text recognition from
one of the listeners in the message
contained the following text
quote Zhenya I love you Sasha end
quotes
The representative commented on the situation
Investigative Committee in Omsk and gouram
Iran's axes the point is
that both Zhenya and Sasha can be like
female
and male names respectively
the probability that it was
manifestation of same-sex relationships
it turns out exactly sixty six
percent is a mathematician and generally I
I advise everyone to get more sensitive
on here I like hurom here any
there can be no contradictions
the committee will also deal with suspicious
congratulations and sunbirds
and kittens because they identify their sexual
affiliation is also quite difficult
Omsk authorities also stated that
they will close the net soon
hairdressing salons
Edic simply out of harm scandal
guangzhou scam zoo local
administration over five years
cheated the public declare that in the park
real dragon lives
he just lurked a lie was not revealed
also because the tiger living cages
was really sneaking
cultural news from the regions long
there was a rumor about the concert in the media
famous american singer
lana del rey in the village of Kochenevo
Novosibirsk region
It was filled with posters in which
reported about the upcoming concert
wide advertising campaign was
deployed on the internet according to her
concert lana del rey was supposed to go 2
March in deco mechanization for three weeks
before the concert was open online sales
tickets for this period villagers you
bought two tickets these two people and
March 2 came at six o'clock in
deco mechanics but there they were waiting
surprise i like head of administration
I feel numb that we check
brilliant operation to identify and
neutralize all
two like this hipsters of our village
because nothing is involved
By this, bring Rizman in the building of the house
culture 2 fans lana del rey
met all the other villagers that
then happened behind closed doors
dk unknown unknown however chapter
The administration said that with the citizens
explanatory conversation was held
you made up conversations with them later
got them hipster borodyanka means about
tom everyone spent their hospital h after
this whole population is wandering
proceeded back to the deco
machine operators at a concert of the group
tesla boy you watched the news
news for letter x
Any TV channel Russia represents
new russian series
his name was sherlock of he is simple russian
police detective
Sergei Shirokov Sneem his faithful assistant
Dr. Ivan's sanchuk by
alexander rosenbaum
completely original script
completely original music
completely new look at sherlock
holmes
there was no such thing in your palace
mind